---
title: INTRODUCTION
anchor: introduction
layout: page
---

## Introduction

As we all know, the USA have a huge impact on the Internet, especially Forums such as Reddit. For those unfamiliar with it, Reddit is a Forum platform organized around subreddits. Each subreddit has a different topic and people can join it to discuss topics they are discusses in. Each user can join as many subreddits as they want and engage in different conversations with ease, however everything is public. There is a vast landscape of subreddits and to be quite frank, anything can be found, from r/AskReddit engaging in global discussions with the standard reddit user, to r/politics where the topics are more serious. We thus wanted to visualize effectively, whether the election of 2016 had a significant impact on the different interactions observed between Trump supporters and non-supporters. We could start off by questioning if these people even acknowledged each other, and then whether or not they had positive or negative interactions. Some stereotypes can say that Trump supporters are seen as hostile or ignorant, while people interacting with them are arrogant and communists. The general consensus, at least shown by the very polarized American medias, is that both sides hate each other and that there is a real separation between supporters and others. We will, during this study, try to show if those stereotypes are true. If not, then how can we caracterize the exchanges and their evolution. Our goal is to visualize more clearly with only the interactions of users, how the Trump political landscape interacts with outsiders. Studying using such a vast and precise dataset allows us to have a better understanding with the least bias possible.